DOC: update docstrings and links (#649)
pysat/pysat: CONTRIBUTING.md

2. Clone your fork locally::

    git clone git@github.com:your_name_here/pysat.git
    git clone git@github.com:your_name_here/pysat.git

3. Create a branch for local development::

    git checkout -b name-of-your-bugfix-or-feature

   Now you can make your changes locally.

   Tests for new instruments are performed automatically.  Tests for custom
   functions should be added to the appropriately named file in ``pysat/tests``.

>    For example, custom functions for the OMNI HRO data are tested in
>    ``pysat/tests/test_omni_hro.py``.  If no test file exists, then you should

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   For example, custom functions for the time utilities are tested in
   ``pysat/tests/test_utils_time.py``.  If no test file exists, then you should
```
